General docs (#984)
UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS2_Driver: ur_moveit_config/doc/index.rst

.. _ur_moveit_config:

================
ur_moveit_config
================

This package contains an **example** MoveIt! configuration for Universal Robots arms. Since the
default description contains only the arm this MoveIt! configuration package also only contains the
arm without any objects around it.

> 
> Since a robotic arm is usually not floating in empty space, but is mounted somewhere, it is also
> recommended to create a robot_description modelling the real-world scenario and to generate a

Author: ```suggestion
In a real-world scenario it is recommended to create a robot_description modelling the robot with its surroundings (Table where it is mounted on, objects in its environment, etc.) and to generate a
```
